5 Best Smoothie Recipes to Target Belly Fat Faster :


"Nothings cures better than a drink"
And when it comes to lose belly fat, smoothies are a great 
addition to your diet to help you achieve your goals. Not 
only do they make sense for people on the go, but they are
 also quick to whip up and can help you stay full by sipping 
on one at the start of your morning or for a mid-day snack.

Ingrediants are consideres super important when it comes to smoothies.
consider adding protein, whole fruit, yogurt, and nut butters to your smoothie to target belly fat faster according to Cory Ruth, MS, RDN, a registered dietitian nutritionist, women's health expert, and CEO of The Women's Dietitian.

1. Avacodo-Berry Smoothie

This plant-based smoothie is technically paleo and includes 3 types of berries (blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries) with a cashew milk base. When you're looking to burn belly fat faster, it's important to choose the right liquid base for your smoothie, which is why we recommend cashew milk and not fruit juice.

2. Creamy Paleo Green Smoothie 

The addition of flaxseeds in this spinach and avocado-based smoothie will not only help you feel fuller longer but has some added health benefits. Flaxseeds are packed with lignans, which are plant-based compounds 
showing amazing health benefits in cancer prevention and hormone balance.

3.Dark Chocolate Banana Nut Smoothie

If you're looking for a super high protein smoothie to start your day, this one is it: it packs 28 grams thanks to plant-based protein powder and walnuts. Top your smoothie with extra walnuts for some added crunch—and avoid the granola.

4.Berry Cauliflower Smoothie


You read that right—this smoothie has cauliflower, which not only gives it great texture but also adds fiber that will keep you fuller longer. This recipe will also help you blast belly fat faster with the addition of protein powder, but it's important that you're buying the right one. Look for no-sugar-added protein powders.

5.Kefir Banana Date Hemp Smoothie

The star of this recipe, kefir, is an excellent source of probiotics that helps keep your digestion moving, supports your immune system, and gives your bones a boost of calcium.





