5 Great Reasons to Add Dragon Fruit to Your Diet:

Dragon fruit is the fruit of a variety of cactus species. It has a unique appearance, sweet taste, and crunchy texture. The dragon fruit contains multiple antioxidants that are beneficial for good health. Dragon fruit also contains many vitamins and minerals that are important for a healthy body.


1. High in Nutrients

Dragon fruit is low in calories but packed with essential vitamins and minerals. It also contains a substantial amount of dietary fiber.

Here’s a rundown of the main nutrients in a one-cup serving (227 grams) (1Trusted Source, 2):

Calories: 136
Protein: 3 grams
Fat: 0 grams
Carbohydrates: 29 grams
Fiber: 7 grams
Iron: 8% of the RDI
Magnesium: 18% of the RDI
Vitamin C: 9% of the RDI
Vitamin E: 4% of the RDI
Beyond essential nutrients, dragon fruit supplies beneficial plant compounds like polyphenols, carotenoids and betacyanins (3Trusted Source).



2. May Help Fight Chronic Disease
Free radicals are unstable molecules that cause cell damage, which may lead to inflammation and disease.

One way to combat this is by eating antioxidant-rich foods like dragon fruit.

Antioxidants work by neutralizing free radicals, thus preventing cell damage and inflammation.

Studies suggest that diets high in antioxidants may help prevent chronic diseases such as heart disease, cancer, diabetes and arthritis (4Trusted Source).

Dragon fruit contains several types of potent antioxidants, including (5Trusted Source):

Vitamin C: Observational studies have found correlations between vitamin C intake and cancer risk. For example, a study in 120,852 people associated higher intakes of vitamin C with lower rates of head and neck cancer (6Trusted Source).
Betalains: Test-tube studies indicate betalains can combat oxidative stress and may have the ability to suppress cancer cells (7Trusted Source).
Carotenoids: Beta-carotene and lycopene are the plant pigments that give dragon fruit its vibrant color. Diets rich in carotenoids have been linked to a reduced risk of cancer and heart disease (8Trusted Source, 9Trusted Source, 10Trusted Source).



3. Loaded With Fiber
Dietary fibers are nondigestible carbohydrates that boast an extensive list of potential health benefits.

Health authorities recommend 25 grams of fiber per day for women and 38 grams for men. Like antioxidants, fiber supplements do not have the same health benefits as fiber from foods (13Trusted Source, 14Trusted Source).

With 7 grams per one-cup serving, dragon fruit is an excellent whole-food source (1Trusted Source).

Although fiber is probably most well known for its role in digestion, research has suggested it may also play a role in protecting against heart disease, managing type 2 diabetes and maintaining a healthy body weight (13Trusted Source, 15Trusted Source, 16Trusted Source).

Although more research is needed, some observational studies suggest that diets high in fiber may protect against colon cancer (17Trusted Source, 18Trusted Source, 19Trusted Source).


4. Promotes a Healthy Gut
Your gut is home to some 100 trillion diverse microorganisms, including more than 400 species of bacteria (20Trusted Source).

Many researchers believe this community of microorganisms may impact your health. Both human and animal studies have associated imbalances in your gut to conditions like asthma and heart disease (21Trusted Source).

Given that dragon fruit contains prebiotics, it can potentially improve the balance of good bacteria in your gut (22).

Prebiotics are a specific type of fiber that promotes the growth of healthy bacteria in your gut.



5. Strengthens Your Immune System
Your body’s ability to fight infection is determined by several different factors, including the quality of your diet.

The vitamin C and carotenoids in dragon fruit may boost your immune system and prevent infection by protecting your white blood cells from damage (26Trusted Source, 27Trusted Source).

The white blood cells in your immune system attack and destroy harmful substances. However, they are extremely sensitive to damage by free radicals (26Trusted Source, 27Trusted Source).

As potent antioxidants, vitamin C and carotenoids can neutralize free radicals and defend your white blood cells against harm.
